Breath view, it looks pretty cool. At  the beginning, I didn't really know the   power of graph views. So today, we're talking  about how to use graph view in Obsidian.   Alright, graph view. There are two types of graph  views. The first one is the one that you see now,   this is the global graph view, and there's also  a local graph view. Today, I want to start with   local first because, actually, especially  when you're just starting with Obsidian,   local graph view can be so much more  powerful. So let's get to it.   Okay, let's open up a note. Say, "Philosophy  is like jazz." This is a very simple note;   we've got a couple of links and we've got a  tag. So let's open up local graph view to see   what we can get out of this. Right now, it's not that useful,   right? It literally mirrors the note here that  you have, the note itself, and then the three   notes that we're linking to in the note, so not  very interesting. But if you open up filters   here out of the four options—filters, groups,  display, and forces—if you focus on filters   for local graph review, it will give you a  lot more power. So let's take a look.   First, and the most important, is depth. The  slider right here is set to one right now,   which means that we're only going one level  in depth, which is why there is the main note   and all of the notes that we're linking  to. So that's the first level of depth.   But you can increase this, and as you increase,   more notes that are linked to the notes that  you're linking to will start to pop up.   So, the deeper you go, the more notes that  are going to show up, and I'll share with   you a few use cases for depth in a moment. But  just as a function, depth is very important.   And then there are a few other toggles that  can be helpful depending on how you set up   your Obsidian. So right now, we have incoming and  outgoing links toggled on, so we'll see both links   coming into "Philosophies Like Jazz" and links  going out of "Philosophy is Like Jazz."   Then you can also add neighboring links, which  will give you more, even more notes that will show   up as you toggle the depth, as well as you can  have tags show up as well. So depending on how you   set up your tags, this could also be very useful.  And then you can have attachments show as well,   if you've got PDFs and images and those things,  and you can also toggle on and off for existing   files only. If you don't know what that means,  at the very simple sense, there are two types   of files that exist in Obsidian. One is existing  files, which means it looks like a note like this;   there is a body to the note, not just a title,  whereas if it's a non-existing file like these   ones that are a bit grayed out, I haven't  actually created the note, I just have a   placeholder with the title of the note, there's  actually nothing in the note itself, and so that   is a non-existing node. So I can toggle that on  and off. And if I just come back to level one,   that's probably easier to see. If I toggle existing files only on,   there will only be one link because these  two links here are non-existing files. Okay,   hopefully, I haven't confused you. This is  not really a super important point.   But here's local graph view, and now let me share  with you the two use cases for local graph view   that are so powerful. Use case 1 - Create  a new note and change how I take my notes.   Use case number one for local graph  view is when you start a new note.   So there is no excuse to say, "Oh, I  haven't, you know, started anything,   so I don't use the graph." You can use it when you  start a new note, and let me show you how.   So I am reading this book, "The Order of Time" by  Carlo Rovelli. I love all his books, and in here,   he has an interesting thing I want to take notes  on, which is on rebellion. "Rebellion is perhaps   among the deepest roots of science, the refusal to  accept the present order of things." I love this   concept of rebellion. I was the most rebellious  kid in our family, and so let's see, let's start   a note on this. And if you've been around for a  while, you know that when I start a new note, I   always do command-O to bring up search for files,  and I put the keyword in to see if I've done   something similar, so I can already put my mind  into this connective thinking mode. And I wrote,   "Philosophers are the OG Rebels." Interesting . Well, okay, that's good to know.   Let's start a new note first. So this one we'll  call "Rebellion—Do I spell it right? Rebellion   with two L's?—Rebellion is as the root of  science." Okay, let's start this new note. Let me   just add the bibliography. This is Carlo Rovelli,  "The Order of Time." Okay, and the context is,   "Refusal to accept the present  order of things equals rebellion."   Oops, why can't I spell "Rebellion equals the  beginning of how science began?" Okay.   Okay, now if we want to start linking to ideas we  already know, when we searched the files, this is   perhaps related to the idea that philosophers are  the OG Rebels, right? There's a both a rebellious,   which is interesting because philosophy physics is  basically philosophy, and philosophy is very much   related to physics, so that makes a lot of sense  to me. But let's see, even if I didn't have that,   okay, let me even if I remove this, let's  see what will happen if we just increase   the depth of our local graph view. The mystery of time, sometimes playwrights   are more philosophical than philosophers.  Interesting, so already we are seeing   a philosophy come up, right? The two are related,  two opposing ideas at the same time, creativity.   I wonder what the connection is there,  thinking is not a linear process,   which I really like because thinking is not  a linear process. Okay, so let's say related,   thinking is not a linear process. Okay, what this  means is that rebellion is not a linear path,   for example, right? We don't just follow someone  else's path forward; we try to explore a little   bit as rebels, so that's interesting. Okay, let's see,   reality is not what it seems. I think that's  also a really interesting idea because   thinking in that sense, science, you  know, very established, serious subject,   is actually rebellious at heart, right? We think  of science as the source of truth, very objective,   very logical, but it's not just objective; it's  rooted in emotions. Okay, also very interesting,   and you know, now we're seeing, okay, there's  not a linear path, there's emotion in this very   objective and logical, seemingly logical field,  right? This is interesting; it's kind of like   a paradox, which is, of course, related to how  can I hold two opposing ideas at the same time   and function. Okay, uh, let's keep exploring our  ideas and see if we can get anything else. Oh,   okay, here we go, here is the  philosophers are the OG Rebels.   Eventually, we end up there, even if we don't  search, uh, so let's bring that into this.   Philosophers are the OG Rebels, and we know that  physics is science. I think I actually have a   note on this. Let's see if I have a physics is  for, okay, I literally have a note called "The   Physics is Philosophy." Okay, so now it all makes  sense, right? Like philosophers are the OG Rebels,   not satisfied with the status quo, scientists,  same thing, and so this connection between physics   and philosophy is just so tight, and okay, like  this note is starting to make sense, you know,   it's a new idea, but very quickly, we can see  how it latches onto the ideas we already have   in our vault. So that's the first powerful usage  of local graph view when we make a new note.   Use case 2 - Process notes. Alright, there is  a use case number two for local graph view,   and it is when we process our notes when we think  through, let's say, we took a bunch of literature   notes and fleeting notes, now we want to get to  the permanent note level where we are thinking   through the ideas and generating our own insights.  This is actually a great place to use a local   graph view as well, and so I'll just take the same  example since we've already been working on this,   and let's say now that I've come back and  I want to write a newsletter about this,   how can I, you know, figure something  out and process these ideas.   So first, we already went through, okay,  some of our discovery was that, you know,   rebellion is crucial to both science and  philosophy. Philosophy and science are actually   kind of the same things. Okay, interesting,  uh, where can we take this idea? So let's go   back to our graph view, and let's just explore  a little bit, see if anything jumps out.   For example, here, uh, concepts are arbitrary.  Okay, interesting, right? Like we say I am   studying physics, and so I'm a scientist,  versus I'm saying, okay, I'm a philosopher,   right? I my head is in the cloud, and I think too  much, or whatever the stereotype is. So perhaps we   can use this idea to demonstrate that concepts are arbitrary, and let me just   take a look at what are some of the notes I've  written about under concepts of arbitrary.   So, Placebo and side effects, scope switching,  okay, I'm looking for deep structural   similarities, not superficial similarities.  I really like this idea, um, looking for deep   structural similarities, and let's see where  that leads us to. Okay, outliers, the book,   trouble creates intelligence, again, this idea of   the mismatch between concepts and  reality, right? It's like, okay,   science is very logical, but it stems from  something very emotional, rebellion, you know,   it, refusal to accept some things. Okay, here  we're talking about, you know, trouble creates   intelligence. Actually, it's not, yeah, just  studying that makes us smart; it is when we meet,   you know, problems, and we have to solve those  that help us train for stuff like this. Okay,   um, that's very interesting. Let's see if I have  any notes connected to this. How do we learn?   Okay, interesting, you know, so now I can take  this idea of rebellion as the root of science,   linking into how do we learn because  actually, you know, self-directed learning,   we talk about this like how come some kids are  self-directed, others don't, right? Maybe it   stems from this emotional reaction to reality,  right? Like if you're not happy with people   just telling you, well, it is the way it is, so  just, you know, study it, then perhaps you're   more likely to learn in a self-directed way. Anyway, I'm not going to go further on this even   though I'm really excited about this, I'm probably  write something on this, uh, so let me just,   I'll quickly write this down. So what I can do  is then come into this note, what I did was press   command and click the link, and it will create a  new link, and I realize I spell thinking wrong,   um, and I will link to what was it, how we learn,   and also what else did I link to, um, are  arbitrary, concepts are arbitrary, okay,   I give myself enough hints so that I can continue  down this rabbit hole because when we, I come here   and I give it, you know, almost like a filter for  which ideas are related, whoops, filter for which   ideas are related if I bring back down the depths,  I can focus again, right? So here we, instead of   a view on the previous page which I had to go  to level depth like level four or five to see   these ideas, now if I start here, then I'm able to  focus on these ideas more clearly, right? And go   further because now as I increase the depth, I'll  get all sorts of other notes, um, that we didn't   see in the previous, uh, local view, things like  selection criteria, the Matthew principle.   As you can see, I'm super excited about  local view, and just very quickly,   it takes us down very interesting paths and  help us make connections. Global graph view.   Okay, now global graph view, this is what you  usually see YouTubers show with something that   looks like this, and as you'll see, it's still the  same four things that we can do with this graph,   so filters, groups, display, and forces in the  local graph, we already talked about filters   except it looks a little bit different from  this. So what you can do here is filter out   more things like if you click on it, you can see  you can filter things by path, files, tags, lines,   and sections, uh, and if you want to filter  by something, let's say a tag that says build,   it'll give you all of the notes for that specific  tag. You can also do minus in front, and that   means exclude anything with the tag build, so now  I get the rest of my vault, excluding the build,   and you can choose to display your tags on this  view or not depending on how you're using it.   It'll show up in a different color, same with  attachments. I have quite a few images in my   notes, so if I untoggle it, it will disappear,  and then existing files only, we talked about this   last time, so you can toggle on and off for that  as well as orphan notes, so you can toggle off and   on to see orphan notes. A lot of mine are actually  the images, attachments, and I actually talked   about how you can look at all of your orphan  nodes, so you make sure that you are latching your   new ideas onto something that sometimes you just  take very quick notes, we don't actually spend   time linking into something else, so it's good  to refresh, and I talked about it in this video,   so check that out after this video. And that's basically filters, very easy,   you can play around with that. Then there are  groups, so this is trying to group, uh,   your view with different colors. So  for example, if I want all my tags that   have the hashtag YT to be red, then you'll  start to see them, uh, then display. So again,   this is also very visual, so you can see you  can choose to have arrows pointing to different   notes. So now you'll see this, this if we click  thinking duality, we see that what is this,   this morning Brew note is pointing to thinking  in dualities and then this thinking duality is   pointing to vice and virtue. So that's arrows,  you can have text fade threshold which means   when does the text disappear. The higher the  number, the longer they remain faded, so you   really have to zoom in to get them, and then we  have node size, so these are all the circles,   or lower personal preference as well  as line thickness, very intuitive,   and here's the button to animate, which brings  me to the first use case is honestly global view,   it just feels good to see that ideas in my head  are visually presented to me, and I can watch   them grow over time like that's kind of insane,  and that's my favorite use case for global view   is just a little so self-satisfaction,  otherwise, you can also play with forces,   so this is just how much gravity, um,  does the note have towards something,   so if it's Center Force then it condenses all  the nodes to the center, so you don't have   much space in the middle, there's also repel  force so how much each note repels each other,   the bigger it is, you'll get a bigger graph,  more space in the middle, the smaller it is,   the tighter the circle is going to be, link  force same here, so if two things are linked,   it will be closer together, if you bring up the  link force, uh, personally I find it easier to   have a higher link force so you can see how your  ideas cluster and length distance is just how far   away they are from each other, so the closer they  are, you'll be able to see the cluster more clear,   again use cases, the first one I already told you,  satisfaction, the second one is, as you build a   over time, you'll be able to see clusters  of your ideas and they'll grow in size,   so the nodes that have more, more ideas  connected to it will grow over time,   the more notes you have, the more  you're going to get out of graph view,   so check out this video for how to take atomic  notes, and I will see you in the next video. Bye.
