# IDEAS
* Social engineering is present in 90% of phishing attacks, making it a prominent part of cybercrime.
* Business email compromise attacks emphasize social engineering and the art of deception to manipulate victims.
* Social engineers often target company executives, senior leadership, finance managers, and human resources staff.
* New employees are more susceptible to verifying unfamiliar email requests, making them a target for social engineers.
* Organizations need to stay up to date on the latest threat intelligence and adversarial activity to defend against BEC attacks.
* Four prominent threat groups that leverage social engineering and BEC are Octo Tempest, Diamond Sleet, Sangria Tempest, and Midnight Blizzard.
* Social engineers use tactics like creating a false sense of urgency, pushing victims into a heightened emotional state, and capitalizing on existing habits or routines.
* Organizations can defend against social engineering fraud by separating personal and work accounts, enforcing multifactor authentication, and educating users on the danger of oversharing personal information online.
* Secure company computers and devices with endpoint security software, firewalls, and email filters to prevent social engineers from compromising user information.
* Social engineers are constantly looking for new ways to make their attacks more effective, making ongoing threat intelligence crucial for organizations.
* Monitoring threat intelligence and ensuring defenses are up to date can help prevent social engineers from using previously successful attack vectors.
* Social engineering is a long con that can take months of planning and labor-intensive research to build trust with victims.
* Attackers are increasingly using SIM swapping to compromise phone numbers used for multifactor authentication.
* Organizations can remediate SIM swapping risks by using an authentication app to link MFA to a user's device rather than their phone number.
