# PATTERNS

* Midnight Blizzard, a Russia-based threat actor, conducts targeted social engineering attacks using credential theft phishing lures sent as Microsoft Teams chats.
* The threat actor uses compromised Microsoft 365 tenants owned by small businesses to create new domains that appear as technical support entities.
* The actor leverages Teams messages to send lures that attempt to steal credentials from a targeted organization by engaging a user and eliciting approval of multifactor authentication (MFA) prompts.
* The attack pattern involves the use of security-themed domain names in lures, social engineering attack chains, and token theft techniques for initial access into targeted environments.
* The threat actor targets government, non-government organizations (NGOs), IT services, technology, discrete manufacturing, and media sectors.
* The actor is known to primarily target governments, diplomatic entities, non-government organizations (NGOs), and IT service providers primarily in the US and Europe.

# META

* The threat actor, Midnight Blizzard, is attributed by the US and UK governments as the Foreign Intelligence Service of the Russian Federation, also known as the SVR.
* The actor is tracked by partner security vendors as APT29, UNC2452, and Cozy Bear.
* The attack pattern observed in malicious activity since at least late May 2023 has been identified as a subset of broader credential attack campaigns that we attribute to Midnight Blizzard.
* Microsoft has mitigated the actor from using the domains and continues to investigate this activity and work to remediate the impact of the attack.
* The organizations targeted in this activity likely indicate specific espionage objectives by Midnight Blizzard directed at government, non-government organizations (NGOs), IT services, technology, discrete manufacturing, and media sectors.

# ANALYSIS

Midnight Blizzard, a Russia-based threat actor, conducts targeted social engineering attacks using credential theft phishing lures sent as Microsoft Teams chats, leveraging compromised Microsoft 365 tenants and security-themed domain names to steal credentials from targeted organizations.

# BEST 5

* Midnight Blizzard uses compromised Microsoft 365 tenants to create new domains that appear as technical support entities to send phishing lures.
* The threat actor targets government, non-government organizations (NGOs), IT services, technology, discrete manufacturing, and media sectors.
* The attack pattern involves the use of security-themed domain names in lures and social engineering attack chains.
* The actor is known to primarily target governments, diplomatic entities, non-government organizations (NGOs), and IT service providers primarily in the US and Europe.
* Microsoft has mitigated the actor from using the domains and continues to investigate this activity and work to remediate the impact of the attack.

# ADVICE FOR BUILDERS

* Pilot and start deploying phishing-resistant authentication methods for users.
* Implement Conditional Access authentication strength to require phishing-resistant authentication for employees and external users for critical apps.
* Apply security best practices for Microsoft Teams, including specifying trusted Microsoft 365 organizations to define which external domains are allowed or blocked to chat and meet.
* Educate users about social engineering and credential phishing attacks, including refraining from entering MFA codes sent via any form of unsolicited messages.
* Implement Conditional Access App Control in Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps for users connecting from unmanaged devices.
